[DX-1520] Add explanation to the use of catalogue and catalog (#5084)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-portal-api.md

---
title: Classic Portal API
description: "Landing page for the Tyk Classic Portal API documentation"
tags: ["Tyk Classic Portal API", "Classic Portal API "]
---

> This section describe the Tyk Classic Portal API endpoints for your classic developer portal. It includes the following:

Author: ```suggestion
This section describes the Tyk Classic Portal API endpoints. It includes the following:
```
